# Question 44

## Question
A data engineer is working on a feature branch in a Git folder and attempts to create a pull request into the main branch of the project repository. However, Git detects conflicting changes between the feature branch and the main branch, resulting in a merge conflict.




Which two options does the Git folder UI provide for resolving merge conflicts?




Choose 2 answers:

## Options
- A. Automatically merge the changes using the magic fix button 
- B. Accept all incoming or current changes (Correct)
- C. Manually edit the changes and remove the conflict markers (Correct)
- D. Delete the conflicting branch 
- E. Move the changes to a new branch 

## Explanation
Merge conflicts happen when two or more Git users attempt to merge changes to the same lines of a file into a common branch and Git cannot choose the "right" changes to apply. Merge conflicts can also occur when a user attempts to pull or merge changes from another branch into a branch with uncommitted changes.








The Git folders UI has two options to resolve merge conflicts:
- 

Accept all incoming or current changes
If you know you only want to accept all of the current or incoming changes, you can select either Keep all current changes or Take all incoming changes. This allows quick resolution without manual editing.





- 

Manually edit the changes and remove the conflict markers
You can resolve the conflict by directly editing the contents of the file with the conflicts. Simply, select the code lines you want to preserve and delete everything else, including the Git merge conflict markers (`<<<<<<<, =======, >>>>>>>`). This manual conflict resolution lets you determine the desired lines from both versions.
