# Question 18

## Question
A data engineering team wants to use Delta Sharing but is unsure whether to use Databricks-to-Databricks sharing (D2D) or the open Delta Sharing protocol (D2O).




Which of the following statements correctly explains the difference between D2D and D2O?

## Options
- A. Databricks-to-Databricks sharing (D2D) supports sharing data only through managed tables, while the Open Sharing protocol (D2O) supports both managed and external tables. 
- B. Databricks-to-Databricks sharing (D2D) uses the legacy Hive metastore, whereas the Open Sharing protocol (D2O) is built on Unity Catalog for newer implementations. 
- C. Databricks-to-Databricks sharing (D2D) enables data sharing exclusively between Databricks clients, while the Open Sharing protocol (D2O) allows any platform that implements the Delta Sharing open standard to access shared data. (Correct)
- D. Databricks-to-Databricks sharing (D2D) allows sharing with any platform that supports the Delta Sharing open standard, while the Open Sharing protocol (D2O) restricts sharing only to Databricks clients. 

## Explanation
There are mainly two ways to share data using Delta Sharing:




1- Databricks-to-Databricks sharing (D2D): it lets you share data from your Unity Catalog-enabled workspace with clients who also have access to a Unity Catalog-enabled Databricks workspace.




This approach uses the Delta Sharing server that is built into Databricks and provides support for notebook sharing, Unity Catalog data governance, auditing, and usage tracking for both providers and recipients.




2- Databricks open sharing protocol (D2O): It lets you share data that you manage in a Unity Catalog-enabled Databricks workspace with users on any computing platform.




This approach also uses the Delta Sharing server that is built into Databricks and is useful when you manage data using Unity Catalog and want to share it with users who don't use Databricks or don't have access to a Unity Catalog-enabled Databricks workspace.







So, D2D is optimized for seamless sharing within the Databricks ecosystem, whereas D2O extends interoperability to external platforms that support the open Delta Sharing protocol.
