# Question 6

## Question
The data engineering team has a dynamic view with following definition:



```

- CREATE VIEW students_vw AS
- SELECT * FROM students
- WHERE
-     CASE
-         WHEN is_member("instructors") THEN TRUE
-         ELSE is_active IS FALSE
-     END
```





Which statement describes the results returned by querying this view?

## Options
- A. Only members of the instructors group will see the records of all students no matter if they are active or not. While users that are not members of the specified group will only see the records of inactive students (Correct)
- B. Members of the instructors group will only see the records of active students. While users that are not members of the specified group will see null values for the records of inactive students 
- C. Only members of the instructors group will see the records of all students no matter if they are active or not. While users that are not members of the specified group will see null values for the records of inactive students 
- D. Members of the instructors group will only see the records of active students. While users that are not members of the specified group will only see the records of inactive students. 

## Explanation
Only members of the instructors group will have full access to the underlying data since the WHERE condition will be True for every record. On the other hand, users that are not members of the specified group will only be able to see records of students with active status = false.




Study materials from our exam preparation course on Udemy:

Hands-on
