# Question 38

## Question
A data engineer has a streaming job that updates a Delta table named 'user_activities' by the results of a join between a streaming Delta table 'activity_logs' and a static Delta table 'users'.




They noticed that adding new users into the 'users' table does not automatically trigger updates to the 'user_activities' table, even when there were activities for those users in the 'activity_logs' table.




Which of the following likely explains this issue?

## Options
- A. The static portion of the stream-static join drives this join process only in batch mode. 
- B. The streaming portion of this stream-static join drives the join process. Only new data appearing on the streaming side of the join will trigger the processing. (Correct)
- C. The users table must be refreshed with REFRESH TABLE command for each microbatch of this join 
- D. This stream-static join is not stateful by default unless they set the spark configuration delta.statefulStreamStaticJoin to true. 

## Explanation
In stream-static join, the streaming portion of this join drives this join process. So, only new data appearing on the streaming side of the join will trigger the processing. While, adding new records into the static table will not automatically trigger updates to the results of the stream-static join.







Reference: https://docs.databricks.com/structured-streaming/delta-lake.html#performing-stream-static-joins




Study materials from our exam preparation course on Udemy:

Lecture

Hands-on
